Include some warnings for Windows (#3011)
valhalla/valhalla: README.md

- A plugin based narrative and manoeuvre generation architecture. Should allow for generation that is customized either to the administrative area or to the target locale.
- Multi-modal and time-based routes. Should allow for mixing auto, pedestrian, bike and public transportation in the same route or setting a time by which one must arrive at a location.

## Platform Compatibility

Valhalla is fully functional on many Linux and Mac OS distributions.

> Support for Windows is not yet fully exploited. Building the Valhalla library works flawlessly, as well as the following application modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for all functionality in Windows is not yet fully supported. Building the Valhalla library works flawlessly, as well as the following application modules:
```
